Translation corrections (#458)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_011.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#956f6e>圭一</color>", NULL, "<color=#956f6e>Keiichi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210101021", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…インターフォンの向こうで、人の息を飲む声が聞こえたときは、もう死にたいくらいだった」",

> 			NULL, "\"...When I heard the person on the other end of the intercom just gasp, I wanted to die.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...When I heard the person on the other end of the intercom gasp, I wanted to die.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#956f6e>圭一</color>", NULL, "<color=#956f6e>Keiichi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210101025", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…そして結局、ずっと待っていても終わりはないんじゃないかって、そんなくらいに長くて、心細くて、」",

> 			NULL, "\"...And in the end, it was so long and I felt so helpless that I wondered if it'd never end no matter how long I waited.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...And in the end, it was so long and I felt so helpless that I wondered if it'd never end, no matter how long I waited.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rなぜか吹っ切れたように、穏やかな笑顔だった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "なぜか吹っ切れたように、穏やかな笑顔だった。",

> 			NULL, "For some reason, had a calm smile on his face, like he'd been relieved of a heavy burden.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "For some reason, he had a calm smile on his face, like he'd been relieved of a heavy burden.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#956f6e>圭一</color>", NULL, "<color=#956f6e>Keiichi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210101049", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「俺のとんでもない悪さのおかげで、たくさんの人が嫌な思いをした。",

> 			NULL, "\"I caused a lot of people pain because of my awful misbehavior.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"My awful misbehavior caused a lot of people pain.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, "\"I was so uncool, huh?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210101061", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　…誰かに許してもらいたくて、自分の浅ましさから目をそらしたくて、…慰めてもらおうと卑怯なことをした」",

> 			NULL, " ...I wanted someone to forgive me so I could look away from my own shallowness... and did something cowardly so I would be comforted.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " ...I wanted someone to forgive me so I could look away from my own shallowness... and did something cowardly to comfort myself.\"", Line_Normal);
```
